## Lab 4: Web and Phishing

In this lab, we will learn some basic Web programming, and about Phishing attacks. In a phishing attack, users are lured to login at a ‘spoofed, imitation’ website, which masquerades as a web-site trusted by the users. When the users do not notice that this is a fake website, they may enter credentials (e.g., password) into the spoofed site, which will be captured by the attacker, or download malware since they trust this phishing website. Phishing is a surprisingly effective and apparently the most common way to break into user accounts; it is usually performed indiscriminately against random users, but also launched ‘tailored’ to specific victim users, in which case, it is referred to as spear phishing. Phishing is one of the social engineering attacks, which exploit vulnerable human behaviors; other social engineering attacks include shoulder-surfing and other exploits of insecure password practices, SIMjacking (tricking phone company to port phone number to attacker’s SIM and phone) and other impersonation attacks,  malicious-captcha (tricking user into disclosing private information via fake CAPTCHA), catphishing (luring user by fake/fictional identity in social network) and more. Beware!

To perform this lab while using the VPN, you will need to use SSH tunneling. This will allow you access to the web server in the lab, by tunneling via your SSH connection. If you’re not yet familiar with SSH tunneling, we recommend you read about this important tool. We provide instructions for using SSH tunneling for this lab for student using MobaXterm (in Windows), in Discord and HuskyCT. We also provide a brief explanation (which also covers Mac users) in Question 1.
